---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "comfyui_flux_pro_expand_node Resource - comfyui"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Outpaints image based on prompt. [api node/image/BFL] Hidden runtime inputs: auth_token_comfy_org (AUTH_TOKEN_COMFY_ORG), api_key_comfy_org (API_KEY_COMFY_ORG), unique_id (UNIQUE_ID). Source: comfy_api_nodes/nodes_bfl.py:278 (v3_api).
---

# comfyui_flux_pro_expand_node (Resource)

Outpaints image based on prompt. [api node/image/BFL] Hidden runtime inputs: auth_token_comfy_org (AUTH_TOKEN_COMFY_ORG), api_key_comfy_org (API_KEY_COMFY_ORG), unique_id (UNIQUE_ID). Source: comfy_api_nodes/nodes_bfl.py:278 (v3_api).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bottom` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 0. Allowed range: 0 to 2048. Tooltip: Number of pixels to expand at the bottom of the image.
- `guidance` (Number) Input: FLOAT. Default: 60. Allowed range: 1.5 to 100. Tooltip: Guidance strength for the image generation process.
- `image` (String) Input: IMAGE. Link input.
- `left` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 0. Allowed range: 0 to 2048. Tooltip: Number of pixels to expand at the left of the image.
- `prompt` (String) Input: STRING. Default: "". Supports multiline text. Tooltip: Prompt for the image generation.
- `prompt_upsampling` (Boolean) Input: BOOLEAN. Default: false. Tooltip: Whether to perform upsampling on the prompt. If active, automatically modifies the prompt for more creative generation, but results are nondeterministic (same seed will not produce exactly the same result).
- `right` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 0. Allowed range: 0 to 2048. Tooltip: Number of pixels to expand at the right of the image.
- `seed` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 0. Allowed range: 0 to 18446744073709552000. Tooltip: The random seed used for creating the noise.
- `steps` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 50. Allowed range: 15 to 50. Tooltip: Number of steps for the image generation process.
- `top` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 0. Allowed range: 0 to 2048. Tooltip: Number of pixels to expand at the top of the image.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this node instance.
- `image_output` (String) Output: IMAGE (slot 0).
- `node_id` (String) ComfyUI node class type.
