---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "comfyui_wan_image_to_video_api Resource - comfyui"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates a video from the first frame and a text prompt. [api node/video/Wan] Hidden runtime inputs: auth_token_comfy_org (AUTH_TOKEN_COMFY_ORG), api_key_comfy_org (API_KEY_COMFY_ORG), unique_id (UNIQUE_ID). Source: comfy_api_nodes/nodes_wan.py:492 (v3_api).
---

# comfyui_wan_image_to_video_api (Resource)

Generates a video from the first frame and a text prompt. [api node/video/Wan] Hidden runtime inputs: auth_token_comfy_org (AUTH_TOKEN_COMFY_ORG), api_key_comfy_org (API_KEY_COMFY_ORG), unique_id (UNIQUE_ID). Source: comfy_api_nodes/nodes_wan.py:492 (v3_api).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) Input: IMAGE. Link input.
- `model` (String) Input: COMBO. Default: "wan2.6-i2v". Options: "wan2.5-i2v-preview", "wan2.6-i2v". Tooltip: Model to use.
- `prompt` (String) Input: STRING. Default: "". Supports multiline text. Tooltip: Prompt describing the elements and visual features. Supports English and Chinese.

### Optional

- `audio` (String) Input: AUDIO. Link input. Tooltip: Audio must contain a clear, loud voice, without extraneous noise or background music.
- `duration` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 5. Allowed range: 5 to 15. Step: 5. Tooltip: Duration 15 available only for WAN2.6 model.
- `generate_audio` (Boolean) Input: BOOLEAN. Default: false. Tooltip: If no audio input is provided, generate audio automatically.
- `negative_prompt` (String) Input: STRING. Default: "". Supports multiline text. Tooltip: Negative prompt describing what to avoid.
- `prompt_extend` (Boolean) Input: BOOLEAN. Default: true. Tooltip: Whether to enhance the prompt with AI assistance.
- `resolution` (String) Input: COMBO. Default: "720P". Options: "480P", "720P", "1080P".
- `seed` (Number) Input: INT. Default: 0. Allowed range: 0 to 2147483647. Step: 1. Tooltip: Seed to use for generation.
- `shot_type` (String) Input: COMBO. Options: "single", "multi". Tooltip: Specifies the shot type for the generated video, that is, whether the video is a single continuous shot or multiple shots with cuts. This parameter takes effect only when prompt_extend is True.
- `watermark` (Boolean) Input: BOOLEAN. Default: false. Tooltip: Whether to add an AI-generated watermark to the result.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this node instance.
- `node_id` (String) ComfyUI node class type.
- `video_output` (String) Output: VIDEO (slot 0).
